So another cool aspect of SIP
would be the SIP messages.
>> Yeah, so like, so let's just dive in.
SIP messages are basically HTTP syntax
requests, or sorry, there's two parts
to the SIP tow, requests In response-
>> Two kinds of SIP messages.
>> Yeah.
>> Request SIPs or response SIPs and so
you know, you make a request and
you get a response.
Simple enough.
So and I think we mentioned
this much earlier in the lesson
where the entire SIP message
has three different parts,
the method, the request URI,
and the response code.
So the method tells you
what kind of request it is.
And then the URI is telling you,
where should I send this to?
Who do I send this to?
And it finally the responds,
it gives you a response code,
what kind of message you're getting back.
Maybe you get an error response
because you sent a bad message, or
you get a good response.
Something like that.
>> Yeah, and
you know just like Randy said,
maybe you wanna refer to the first video
of this lesson when we went over all that.
But, up on the screen or on your slides,
you can see some of these SIP requests.
And the next slide is the SIP response,
or SIP responds.
But just take a look at them.
It's interesting.
Maybe put them on your cheat sheet.
Might be in the quiz question for
this module, for this lesson maybe.
But yeah it's just interesting
to take a look at.
Pause the video, check it out.
Go on the Wikipedia.
Here's the next one, SIP response.
Yeah, anyways.
>> So like, these ten could be very useful
if you want to build a VoIP application or
some kind of SIP related
application where you
need to send a request to some kind
of server or the other end point.
And the endpoint will send
some kind of message back,
in which you could process that response
and do something with it in your program.
>> Yeah, so
we just wanna go over this quickly,
give you a little view of this stuff and
slightly explain it.
So yeah, I will see you in the next video,
the conclusion of this lesson.